#summary Describes the most basic usage

= Presenting a PDF =

Open up PDF-Presenter and click on *Open PDF*. Select your presentation slides, for instance a PDF file done with Beamer, and in the two separated views in the main window you should see the first and second slide.

You can navigate through your slides with the buttons *Previous slide* and *Next slide*. Click on *Toggle presentation* to open up another window showing just the current slide (left hand view). Drag this window to another screen and double click into its center, or press *Ctrl+F* or *Alt+Enter* to maximize it to fullscreen. Go back with your mouse to the other screen and navigate through your slides. As long as *Toggle presentation* remains active, the second screen will show the current slide.

= Adding notes =

Say you've got a slide called _my_presentation.pdf_. If you want to create notes for that presentation, create a file called _my_presentation.pdf.txt_. Once PDF-Presenter finds a TXT file in the same directory as the PDF with the exact same name, it will activate the *Toggle notes* button.

To write notes, open up the TXT file and write down a page number in one line, and in the next line the note you want to display. Only write page numbers and notes in pairs! An example might be:

{{{
1
These are the notes for the first slide.

3
Skipping notes for slide two is easy.

7
More Notes.

5
The order of the notes is not important.

3
This note is skipped yet because notes for slide 3 already exist.
}}}